There's one last thing with fliping effects like this one, where we're effectively flipping a box. Right
now, we see the back of the box like this.
We can change that behavior by going to the element, for example box one, the red box and adding backface
visibility here,
now we can hide the backface with hidden. If we do that
and we now reload,
you see it's gone, it's gone because we're telling it
'hey if you're flipping and you're seeing your back, please don't show anything'.
We can also set backface visibility to visible,
that's the alternative.
Now that's the default also, so we don't need to set this, it's just something I want to bring to your
attention, if you want to hide in the back of an element whilst it's flipping, use backface visibility
hidden.
Now all these properties do have a different level of browser support,
so definitely check the last lecture of this module to find out if your favorite feature is supported
in the browsers
you need to support.